*Survival Game*

Use git submodule update --remote --merge in website folder to push 
    repo to webside

Specifications/Details
    TIME:
        day time the page is light yellow
        night time the page is dark blue
        gradient gradually to switch day/night
        Day/Night Cycle: 50 turns (0-29 Day, 30-49 Night)
    PLAYER INFO: 
        100 Health points
        50 Hunger points
        50 Thirst points
        Player starts with Ax, 2 Bread, 1 Water Bottle, 3 Painkillers in inventory
        XP Points
        Days Survived (For every day survived, player gains 20 xp)
    when player is hurting warnings red
    nightfall zombies are rooming freely

Page Organization:
    3 main panels: stats, game, info
    Stats:
        Player information (health, hunger, thirst, equipped items, inventory)
    Game:
        Main player interaction.  Contains Input field for commands and message box
    Info:
        Game information (day number, time of day, quests/missions)

Items:
    Weapons:
        Gun Ammo
        Ax (used for attacking, chopping trees, deals 20-25 damage)
        Crowbar (deals 30-35 damage)
        Sword (deals 40-50 damage)
        Pistol (50-65 damage)
        Shotgun (65-80 damage)
        Grenade (80-100 damage)

    Health:
        Painkillers (Restores 15 Health Points)
        Bandages (Restores 30 Health Points)
        First Aid Kit (Restores 45 Health points)
        
    Food:
        Bread (Restores 5 Hunger Points)
        Steak (Restores 25 Hunger Points and 10 Health)
        Fish (Restores 15 Hunger Points)
        MRE (Restores 30 Hunger and 20 Health)
        Mystery Meat (restores 20 Hunger Points with 35% chance of dealing 20 damage)

    Drink:
        Water Bottle (Restores 20 Thirst Points and 10 Health)
        Soda (Restores 25 Thirst Points)
        Electrolytes (Restores 30 Thirst Points and 15 Health)

    Etc:
        Gold Pieces
        Gasoline
        Car Parts
        Radio

NPCs:
    Zombie (enemies 100 health)
    Super Zombie (enemies 200 health)
    Bandits (enemies 100 health)
    Wandering Traveler ()
    Wounded Human
    Trader

Commands (abbreviation):
    get (g) - picks up specified item
    equip (e) - equips specified weapon 
    use (u) - player will interact with elegible items in inventory
    eat - player will eat specified food, the 'use' command will function the same as well
    drink - player will drink specified beverege, the 'use' command will function the same as well
    look (l) - player will examine surroundings, and the game will notify if there is anything noteworthy
            (i.e. if there are any objects nearby that the player can pick up)
    search (s) - player will search inside of specified place
    explore (x) - player will travel up to 5 miles away from where they are
    inventory (i) - displays inventory items and amount of gold player has
    attack (a) - attack specified enemy with whatever weapon the player has equipped
    info ('?') - displays info about specified item or character
     ^   ^   ^
     |   |   |
    When player issues a command that specifies other items or characters, the game will 
        check if the specified entity is near player or in inventory

Locations:
Warehouse (Home Base)
Forest (supples and hunting)
Hospital (healing)
Store (food,water, and healing supplies)
House, Apartment, Cabin (supplies)
Auto Store(broken down car)
Gas Station(car parts and gas)
Gun Store(weapons)
Cave (Enemies, gold, special items)

LEVEL ONE
    Objective: Bar all the windows and doors before nightfall
    Failure: all doors and windows not bared zombies get in and kill you
    12 windows and 3 doors
    each windows need 3 pieces of wood and door 7
    ax down tree to get wood each tree give 20 pieces of wood.
    Each trip player can get 12 pieces of wood.
    To bar window or door take 5 point of Hunger and Thirst 

LEVEL TWO
    Objective: Three zombies managed to enter your place. Kill all 
               three and rebar the warehouse before night
    Failure: You lose a random belonging that you own and you lose 3/4th of your health. 
    You need an axe and 3 swings to kill a zombie. 
    Each swing has a prabability of missing, being effective, and being fatal. 
    With each missed swing, you lose a certain portion of your health

LEVEL THREE
    Objective:
    Failure:

LEVEL FOUR
    Objective:
    Failure:

LEVEL FIVE
    Objective:
    Failure:


Side Quests:
    Someone lost some gold and/or items and you once you find it you
        have the option to return items

Command/Input Handling:
    Functions that handle commands will be named *command*Command().  For example, the function that will handle the
    'attack' command will be named attackCommand() by convention.

    Player will submit a command which will trigger the .submit function.  The .submit function will
    call updateMessage(), which will subsequently call processInput().  processInput() will handle how the 
    game will respond when the player submits commands.

    All command handling will be done within processInput(). processInput() will call other functions based upon
    the command specified by user.  For example, if the user enters the 'attack' command, processInput() will detect that
    and call the function designated for that command.  If the user inputs a command that is not recognized by the
    game, processInput() will push an error message that will tell the player that the given command was not recognized.

Functionality to implement:
    Allow player to reset game with command 'reset'.  Game will ask for comfirmation, and
    player will need to enter 'RESET' to confirm the request.  All stats set back to default.